add a dedicated section about approvals and merges (#176)
voxpupuli/voxpupuli.github.io: docs/index.md

* Ensure that the version range of any dependency doesn't include an unreleased major version (do not allow version 6.X of a dependency if the current version is 5.X)
* An increase of an upper version boundary (of a module or Puppet itself) is only an enhancement if code adjustments were needed. Don't add the `enhancement` label if the only change is within the `metadata.json`. Ensure that `.fixtures.yml` doesn't pin a specific version.

### Approving and Merging

* You can merge your own PR if it was approved by someone else and travis is green. Don't merge if either one of those conditions are not true

>   * Modulesync PRs are an exception (a PR based on changes that the msync tool did, NOT PRs on [modulesync_config](https://github.com/voxpupuli/modulesync_config#modulesync-configs)). We agreed some time ago that it's ago to merge your own modulesync PR if travis is green, without another approval. This is okay because changes to [modulesync_config](https://github.com/voxpupuli/modulesync_config#modulesync-configs) got reviewed and tested

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Modulesync PRs are an exception (a PR based on changes that the msync tool did, NOT PRs on [modulesync_config](https://github.com/voxpupuli/modulesync_config#modulesync-configs)). We agreed some time ago that it's ok to merge your own modulesync PR if travis is green, without separate approval. This is okay because changes to [modulesync_config](https://github.com/voxpupuli/modulesync_config#modulesync-configs) were reviewed and tested 
```

>   * Modulesync PRs are an exception (a PR based on changes that the msync tool did, NOT PRs on [modulesync_config](https://github.com/voxpupuli/modulesync_config#modulesync-configs)). We agreed some time ago that it's ok to merge your own modulesync PR if travis is green, without separate approval. This is okay because changes to [modulesync_config](https://github.com/voxpupuli/modulesync_config#modulesync-configs) werereviewed and tested

Reviewer 2: Missing a space between `were` and `reviewed`
